Desktop

1. The User is authorized to install the Font for internal business
use. “Install” means making the font locally available to
applications on a device.

2. The User is authorized to install the Font for a defined number of
sub-users as described in the Invoice (“User Group”). If the User
is an entity, the User Group must all be employees of the entity. The
Addendum fee is based upon the total number of employees specified in
the Invoice (across all geographical sites, measured over one year).

3. “Desktop” means use of the Font on tangible media, enabling
editing by the User alone; and the display and printing of
human-readable text on tangible media, internally or as part of the
User’s commercial activity, and to the exclusion of any use
expressly granted in other Addenda types and of any commercial use of
the Font itself.

4. By way of example only and not limitation, the Font may thus be
used for the design and publication of printed graphics and static
images, such as books, brochures, catalogs; more generally, as part of
literary and media publishing activity in which the Font may appear in
a non-editable, non-embedded form. The Font may be used to create
non-font static digital documents such as bitmap images on the web,
and non-font vector images.

5. For the avoidance of doubt, the use of the Font is authorized for
static text only, not dynamic. Use for dynamic text editable by a
third party or the displaying and printing of variable data is not
part of this License. The dynamic display of the Font, and the dynamic
rasterizing and rendering of the Font as bitmap images, is not
authorized either.

6. Addendum to Article 3.2 “Copy”: For the exclusive purpose of
outputting certain files, the User is permitted to transfer a copy of
the Font used for creating the relevant file to a printer or printing
service provider, on the condition there be no active use of the Font
(for example, but not limited to: for text formatting, editing, or
corrections). In the event active use of the Font is desired, such
service providers are required to purchase their own license. The User
is obligated to inform any such service provider about the content and
restrictions of this Agreement, including the prohibition against
reproducing, distributing, providing to the public, disseminating,
executing or more generally exploiting in any way, free or at cost,
the Font. Copies of the Font shall be deleted immediately after
performing the service. In the event the User is a service provider
and licenses the Font for its own use, the license does not cover the
use of the Font for any of the User’s customers, which must acquire
their own license.

7. Addendum to Article 3.6 “Embed”: For the exclusive purpose of
outputting certain files, the User is permitted to embed the Font in
digital documents only when intended for printing. The User recognizes
that the transmission of a document in PDF file format set to
“printing and viewing only” is the first and best method for
transmitting documents to a service provider. All other provisions of
Article 3.6 remain in force, especially pertaining to the unauthorized
distribution of digital documents where the Font is embedded. This
special authorization is granted without prejudice to the User abiding
by all other the obligations set out herein, and particularly this
Addendum and Article 8.

8. The User may install and use the Font in standalone desktop design
software that relies on a remote cloud server infrastructure and has a
desktop interface, both conditions being cumulative. The User may
install the Font on one local file server such as a network font
manager, for use on a local area network (LAN), solely in the case
where use of the Font is expressly limited to the total number of
sub-users that may install the Font under this Agreement,
corresponding to the total number of persons that may have access to
the Font at any moment.
