Third Party

1. The User is authorized to install the Font for a defined number of
sub-users as described in the Invoice (“User Group”). It is
specified that when the User is a legal entity, the User Group is
defined as either the members of the household or the members of the
acquiring legal entity, employees, business unit, but also
subcontractors, providers, agents. Customers of the User are expressly
excluded from the User Group.

2. Addenda to article 3.2 “Copy”: The User is permitted to
transfer a copy of the Font to designated third parties as part of his
User Group, exclusively for the provision of services and editing
exclusively in connection with the Brand, Title or Project as
indicated in the Invoice. The use must be substantially dedicated to
the licensed brand, and the use must make prominent display and
identification of the brand (or, if there are multiple brands, they
are all owned by the User, and the Font is used only for the licensed
brand).

3. Addenda to article 8.1.c: During the Term, the User agrees to
maintain a Report, meaning a complete and accurate record of the User
Group accessing the Font, certified by an officer of the company. The
User must provide the Report at Production Type’s request, with at
least ten days’ advance notice. The Report must be provided under
indexable and editable text data, and include at least:

    1. Name and address of third party

    2. Name, title, email address and phone number of third party
contact person

4. The User and the User Group may not publicly reproduce, distribute,
provide to the public, disseminate, execute, or more generally exploit
in any way, free or at cost, the Font.

5. The User is obliged to inform the User Group about the content and
restrictions of this Agreement. Copies of the Font shall be deleted
immediately after performing the service. For greater certainty, it is
specified that if the User is a service provider and downloads the
Font for his own use, the license granted does not cover the use of
the Font for any of the User’s customers. The User’s customer must
acquire a license as applicable.
